feat(platform): re-attempt platform automerge on github and gitlab (#26567)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

If you have enabled `automerge` and set `automergeType=pr` in the Renovate config, then leaving `platformAutomerge` as `true` speeds up merging via the platform's native automerge functionality.

On most platforms, Renovate tries platform-native automerge only when it initially creates the PR.
Any PR that is being updated will be automerged with the Renovate-based automerge.

> On GitHub, Renovate re-enables the PR for automerge whenever it's rebased, so that merge conflicts encountered in the Merge Queue can be resolved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On GitHub, Renovate will try to  automerge its own PR again, after the PR was rebased.
This is how Renovate fixes merge conflicts in the Merge Queue.
```

How about something like this?

Reviewer: I don't know if we should call out Gitlab extra here.
